Is Science Real?

Average life expectancy in 1900 was around 22 years and now it's 69 years. No it's not magic but all credit goes to science. Not just our life expectancy has increased but the quality of life as well. There was a time when anything out of ordinary would've been considered Godly. There's a disease breakout? Well that's God's wrath. You survived the breakout? Well that's God's gift.

But as the science progressed it helped answer a lot of those questions. But does it actually explain all the stuff? no it doesn't. Does it prevail itself in front of the concept of God? Yes. If I have to bet my well-being either on Science or on Prayers, I would definitely bet on Science. The thing with science is that we know it's not perfect and we keep on working on it to make it better whereas in the case of God, we just have to accept that it is right, every time. If there is no feedback loop then something can never be better than before.

Science,just like God,is a theory but because of the feedback loop,became reality.Now do i consider Science real? Yes,absolutely. I've seen it work a million times. But does it have all the answers? No....not yet.

But i think that there is no end to questions which arises due to our curiosity,even if we had all the answers,it wouldn't be enough. There are things in science which seems illogical. Like atom being a wave and a particle as well at the same time.But its actually not illogical but counter-intuitive. We just have never experienced anything like that on the real life scale. Science is not "what makes sense",it just is.

Now there is a thing called 'Placebo Effect' which is quite interesting. If a doctor gives you a sugar pill for your ailment then your body will react like it is an actual medicine. So there are times when what is actually illogical,makes sense to us. Sometimes it does not matter what the truth or reality is.What matters is what we believe reality is.Our beliefs are as important factor as facts are in this course of living the life.